chapters/not-covered-in-class.md, before:

# Terms we didn't cover in class that might come up on an interview

This codument is _not_ intended to give you a thorough understanding of anything that we didn't cover. It's more of a quick reference for things you _might_ be asked about on an interview, so (at best!) you can say "We talked about that very briefly but never got to apply it in projects, so here's my basic understanding". 

Remember, it's always 100% okay to say "we didn't get to that in class, but now I'm curious!" in an interview. Be honest. This doc is in no way encouraging you to try to BS your interviewer. (It won't work.)

***

### 1. SOLID Principles
In object-oriented programming, SOLID is set of five architectural principles intended to make software designs more understandable, flexible and maintainable. This is a popular interview question, even though architecture decisions will be above your pay grade as a junior developer. 

If asked, feel free to say "We didn't work in large enough code bases to really see SOLID principles in action." 

Here's what each letter stands for:
- Single Responsibility Principle
- Open-closed Principle
- Liskov substitution principle
- Interface segregation principle
- Dependency inversion principle 

The only one we've  touched in class is the **Single Responsibility Principle**, which we've used to some degree every time we've modularized code. [You can read about it in more detail here](https://codeburst.io/understanding-solid-principles-single-responsibility-b7c7ec0bf80).

### 2. Generics
coming soon!

### 3. Delegates
coming soon!

Commit message:

added more context for solid principles

chapters/not-covered-in-class.md, after:

# Terms we didn't cover in class that might come up on an interview

This codument is _not_ intended to give you a thorough understanding of anything that we didn't cover. It's more of a quick reference for things you _might_ be asked about on an interview, so (at best!) you can say "We talked about that very briefly but never got to apply it in projects, so here's my basic understanding". 

Remember, it's always 100% okay to say "we didn't get to that in class, but now I'm curious!" in an interview. Be honest. This doc is in no way encouraging you to try to BS your interviewer. (It won't work.)

***

### 1. SOLID Principles
In object-oriented programming, SOLID is set of five architectural principles intended to make software designs more understandable, flexible and maintainable. This is a popular interview question, even though architecture decisions will be above your pay grade as a junior developer. 

If asked, feel free to say "We didn't work in large enough code bases to really see SOLID principles in action." 

Here's what each letter stands for:
- Single Responsibility Principle
- Open-closed Principle
- Liskov substitution principle
- Interface segregation principle
- Dependency inversion principle 

The only one we've  touched in class is the **Single Responsibility Principle**, which we've used to some degree every time we've modularized code. [You can read about it in more detail here](https://codeburst.io/understanding-solid-principles-single-responsibility-b7c7ec0bf80).

It's probably worth your time to google each of these briefly, just to the point of vague familiarity, but don't fixate on them. They're for more complex systems than we've ever worked with, so you won't have any frame of reference for them. If these come up on an interview, remember that it's just one question. Not knowing these as a junior developer shouldn't be a deal breaker. 

### 2. Generics
coming soon!

### 3. Delegates
coming soon!
